So let's take a closer look at how Angular works together with forms.
Consider this form, this is the HTML code of a form which you might use and there is nothing Angular specific
about this code,
it's normal HTML code which you would place your HTML documents to maybe display a form like this,
with an input for the username and an input for the e-mail address.
Now as mentioned in the last video, Angular's job now is to allow you to retrieve the values the user
entered here and also to check some other things, like is the form valid, did the user enter valid information?
And all that of course will happen in Javascript, in TypeScript, so on the Angular 2 side of your app
you could say.
So you somehow need to be able to parse the values the user enters and you somehow need some Javascript
object representation of your form in your TypeScript code to work with,
so this object could look something like this.
It is more complex in reality
but these would be the key features we need for example, we need to have the value of the form and there
it would be convenient if we would have key-value pairs where the key refers to the name of an input,
like for example name or e-mail as specified in the HTML code and then it holds the values the user
entered,
this would make it super simple for you to work with these values in your TypeScript code and to do something
with the values the user entered.
It might also be helpful if some metadata was stored, like for example if the form is valid and this
would be changed to false
for example if the e-mail address wouldn't be a valid e-mail address. This is what Angular does for you,
it allows you or it gives you actually such a Javascript object representation of your form, making
it simple for you to retrieve user values and to see the state of the form and to work with it.
Now in the next lectures, we're going to take a detailed look and we will understand how exactly that works,
how we can configure it, what we can do with it, how we can reset it and much more.